FIELD DESCRIPTION FOR VM MODE
   Procs
       r: The number of processes waiting for run time.
       b: The number of processes in uninterruptible sleep.

   Memory
       swpd: the amount of virtual memory used.
       free: the amount of idle memory.
       buff: the amount of memory used as buffers.
       cache: the amount of memory used as cache.
       inact: the amount of inactive memory. (-a option)
       active: the amount of active memory. (-a option)

   Swap
       si: Amount of memory swapped in from disk (/s).
       so: Amount of memory swapped to disk (/s).

   IO
       bi: Blocks received from a block device (blocks/s).
       bo: Blocks sent to a block device (blocks/s).

   System
       in: The number of interrupts per second, including the clock.
       cs: The number of context switches per second.

   CPU
       These are percentages of total CPU time.
       us: Time spent running non-kernel code. (user time, including nice time)
       sy: Time spent running kernel code. (system time)
       id: Time spent idle. Prior to Linux 2.5.41, this includes IO-wait time.
       wa: Time spent waiting for IO. Prior to Linux 2.5.41, included in idle.
       st: Time stolen from a virtual machine. Prior to Linux 2.6.11, unknown.


FIELD DESCRIPTION FOR DISK MODE
   Reads
       total: Total reads completed successfully
       merged: grouped reads (resulting in one I/O)
       sectors: Sectors read successfully
       ms: milliseconds spent reading

   Writes
       total: Total writes completed successfully
       merged: grouped writes (resulting in one I/O)
       sectors: Sectors written successfully
       ms: milliseconds spent writing

   IO
       cur: I/O in progress
       s: seconds spent for I/O


FIELD DESCRIPTION FOR DISK PARTITION MODE
       reads: Total number of reads issued to this partition
       read sectors: Total read sectors for partition
       writes : Total number of writes issued to this partition
       requested writes: Total number of write requests made for partition



FIELD DESCRIPTION FOR SLAB MODE
       cache: Cache name
       num: Number of currently active objects
       total: Total number of available objects
       size: Size of each object
       pages: Number of pages with at least one active object
